We already talk about expertise here in the
motor shopping program today we go
show in detail the award that
presented here by the third view of
gift pedrito
warranty for the vehicle buyer
good people the differential seal we
we put in approved cars but the
car it can be approved with the dashboard
front panel a replaced rear panel
which does not affect the structure of the car everything
all information from an award of nine
pages properly numbered pages in
all the information you need
information about the vehicle
so in fact our work of
expertise is to look at and identify
our training and put here through
photos and information
structure in fact all that a
person needs to know where the car was
marketed 0 when the owners
We had to have debts or do not have
judicial tax restrictions and
administrative theft and robbery alert
all this will be written here in the
it is necessary to read the top
so they will not buy one.
garage a shop that has an award in the
panel people take five minutes of the
car interested in 60 read
quietly to see if a glass does not
the original will be written here tá
so that way you'll know
exactly the car you are
buying an important agent to strengthen
then on the team team to get in that
here is a highly
that there is behind it that made a
adequate training to get and do
this survey
sure it was not 45 people
who join you think you understand
car not we have all one
accreditation
we are trained by experts from the
Institute of Criminal Sciences in São Paulo
and we have conditions to evaluate
any detail on the car then
tries to take a relative and thinks that
understands reinforces once again no use
take the person who is a butcher and
think of dedicating the car there are many
The
the trade is malu unloads several and
several storks every day by car beaten
if you want to buy this is a decision
your
now it's important that you at least
know what you are buying and that is
our job is to put in the report what
really the car is cool by then
once again make the personal invitation that
Are you at home to know the third vision?
We sure are waiting.
You're here for me at the company here.
na tancredo snows number 1515 corner
with the cuiabá or in any case if
You can contact us by phone and
We go to you in your company of your
I work by telephone 33 06 04 7 5 o
My direct cell phone with 99 40 02 49
we serve you at home